**Assignment:** You are tasked to study whether or not there is a difference in the true positive
rates of two AI-detectors that have been developed to detect AI-generated text.

Within this, you also must study whether the true positive rates differ across topic areas
of AI-generated documents, and for different number of words within the documents.

A true positive is successfully detecting (i.e., successfully classifying) a document as being
AI-generated, when the document was in fact AI-generated.

Your client ran an experiment for:

2 AI-detectors “A” and “B”

3 article types “FictionalNovel”, “ArtHistory” and “Medical”

7 levels of “numbers of words” 100, 500, 1000, 5000, 10000, 50000, 100000

The results are in data set “AI data.csv”, within which each row corresponds to one combination of AI-detector, topic area, and number of words in document. There are 2 × 3 × 7 = 42
rows. Your client tells you that every document used in their experiment was generated by AI.

The column headings are:

• **mDoc**: Total number of AI-generated documents studied for this row (18 in each row)

• **nPos**: Number of documents that were correctly classified as AI-generated (True-positives) out of these 18 AI-generated documents

• **Classifier**: specific AI-detector used to classify these documents (either ”A” or ”B”)

• **ArticleType**: Type of Article (i.e., topic area)

• **Words**: number of words in document divided by 1000 (e.g., 0.1 corresponds to 100 words in document)

Since all 18 documents were AI-generated in each row, any document not classified as AI-generated, is a false negative. Distinct sets of 18 documents were assessed for each row — there
is no overlap in the documents represented by different rows in the data set.

Analyze these data and write a report that investigates the association between true positive rate and choice of AI-detector. Does this association depend on Type of Article, and/or
the number of words in the document? Your report should explain your methods, models
and findings to the client, using carefully described graphics/tables where appropriate. You
are responsible for reading page 1 for further details. Include citations of any material/resources/R libraries you use. Your citations, and the Appendix that is required if you use
any free AI large language models, do not count towards the page limit
